Beta install (#69)
Cambridge-Sustainable-Computing-Lab/Green-Algorithms-HPCdashboard: README.md

```

### Install the `ga_dashboard` python package and its dependencies

In the top-level directory of the `GA4HPCdashboard` directory (i.e. one level above the `ga_dashboard` directory), type:

```
$ pip install -r requirements.txt
```
or
```
$ poetry install
```
based on which tool (`pip` or `poetry`) you prefer to use.

To install the `ga_dashboard` software package specifically, type:
```
$ python -m pip install .
```

> (Note the period character at the end). This should install the `ga_dashboard` package on your local machine. If you want to be able to 

Reviewer: >  If you want to be able to edit it and still use it, use the `-e` option:

Not sure what that refers to?

Author: It's in the line after that:
```
$ python -m pip install -e .
```

Reviewer: No I know, but I don't understand what "If you want to be able to edit it and still use it" means?

Author: It means: "Install it, but allow user to edit and change it if necessary."

Reviewer: Ah ok. In the documentation, if we mention it, we should make clear what use case this refers to, so users know what to do with this information.

Author: I'll add it to the README.

Author: OK, done in d8ad353.

```
This will collect all the logs available by default (if no `startDay` / `endDay` are defined in the configuration file).

> **Note:** we have tested the software successfully with a `sacct`-output data file of more than one million entries (actually 1,072,406 lines of data, including the header, which must be present). On a Mac, running the `run_green_algorithms_on_historical_logs.py` script on this data took 11m 42s, and the peak memory usage (measured with `mprof`) was around 4.7 GB. (Another run showed that the overhead due to `mprof` only made a small difference). This was an optimised situation; `sacct` had been run previously (and generated the file of results to use), and the files and Python scripts, Postgres database, and Grafana server were all running on the same local machine.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note:** we have tested the software successfully on up to 1M jobs' log files (i.e. the `sacct` command returns one million entries). On a Mac, running the `scripts/run_green_algorithms_on_historical_logs.py` script on this data took 11m 42s **without the `sacct` runtime**, and the peak memory usage (measured with `mprof`) was around 4.7 GB.  This was an optimised situation; `sacct` had been run previously (and generated the file of results to use), and the files and Python scripts, Postgres database, and Grafana server were all running on the same local machine.

For the beta testing, you may want to restrict the dates to a few months to not have more than a few million jobs returned (until we have tested scalability in more details).
```
